Contributed by Pavel Lepin and Charilaos Skiadas
1. Write a function ```compose_opt : ('b -> 'c option) -> ('a -> 'b option) -> 'a -> 'c option``` that composes two functions with "optional" values. If either function returns ```NONE```, then the result is ```NONE```.
2. Write a function ```do_until : ('a -> 'a) -> ('a -> bool) -> 'a -> 'a```. ```do_until f p x``` will apply ```f``` to ```x``` and ```f``` again to that result and so on until ```p x``` is ```false```. Example: ```do_until (fn x => x div 2) (fn x => x mod 2 <> 1)``` will evaluate to a function of type ```int->int``` that divides its argument by ```2``` until it reaches an odd number. In effect, it will remove all factors of ```2``` its argument.
3. Use ```do_until``` to implement factorial.
4. Use ```do_until``` to write a function ```fixed_point: (''a -> ''a) -> ''a -> ''a``` that given a function ```f``` and an initial value ```x``` applies ```f``` to ```x``` until ```f x = x```. (Notice the use of '' to indicate equality types.)
5. Write a function ```map2 : ('a -> 'b) -> 'a * 'a -> 'b * 'b``` that given a function that takes ```'a``` values to ```'b``` values and a pair of ```'a``` values returns the corresponding pair of ```'b``` values.
6. Write a function ```app_all : ('b -> 'c list) -> ('a -> 'b list) -> 'a -> 'c list```, so that: ```app_all f g x``` will apply ```f``` to every element of the list ```g x``` and concatenate the results into a single list. For example, for ```fun f n = [n, 2 * n, 3 * n]```, we have ```app_all f f 1 = [1, 2, 3, 2, 4, 6, 3, 6, 9]```.
7. Implement ```List.foldr``` (see [http://sml-family.org/Basis/list.html#SIG:LIST.foldr:VAL](http://sml-family.org/Basis/list.html#SIG:LIST.foldr:VAL)).
8. Write a function ```partition : ('a -> bool) -> 'a list -> 'a list * 'a list``` where the first part of the result contains the second argument elements for which the first element evaluates to true and the second part of the result contains the other second argument elements. Traverse the second argument only once.
9. Write a function ```unfold : ('a -> ('b * 'a) option) -> 'a -> 'b list``` that produces a list of ```'b``` values given a "seed" of type ```'a``` and a function that given a seed produces ```SOME``` of a pair of a ```'b``` value and a new seed, or ```NONE``` if it is done seeding. For example, here is an elaborate way to count down from 5: ```unfold (fn n => if n = 0 then NONE else SOME(n, n-1)) 5 = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1].```
10. Use ```unfold``` and ```foldl``` to implement factorial.
11. Implement ```map``` using ```List.foldr```.
12. Implement ```filter``` using ```List.foldr```.
13. Implement ```foldl``` using ```foldr``` on functions. (This is challenging.)
14. Define a (polymorphic) type for binary trees where data is at internal nodes but not at leaves. Define ```map``` and ```fold``` functions over such trees. You can define ```filter``` as well where we interpret a "false" as meaning the entire subtree rooted at the node with data that produced false should be replaced with a leaf.
